# 记单词

1. rotten 腐烂的    moldy  发霉的   spoiled  变质的   expired  过期的   burnt  烧焦的   stale  不新鲜的   fresh  新鲜的   juicy  多汁的   crunchy  硬脆的



# 易混淆单词

1. eclipse,    ellipse,    elapse
2. infant     faint
3. nail       snail
4. winkle    wink
5. fuel   foil   fossil
6. exotic  toxic 
7. plea     plateau
8. brew    chew
9. aggravate     exaggerate    excessive
10. fruitful      fruition
11. principle 原则          principal  最重要的
12. turnover 营业额      overturn  倾覆
13. undertake  承担      overtake  追上
14. precious   宝贵的     previous   以前的
15. attitude    态度         altitude   海拔高度
16. pledge   誓言            plunge  猛跌
17. deny   否认               defy   违抗
18. dessert   甜点          desert  沙漠
19. stipulate  规定         stimulate  促进
20. tumble   跌倒           gamble  赌博、
21. substance   物质     substantial 大量
22. loss  损失                 floss  丝线
23. cruel           crucial
24. athletes    aesthetic 
25. 动物相关叫法
    - dog            puppy
    - cat              kitten
    - chicken     chick
    - duck          ducking
    - rabbit        bunny
    - sheep        lamb
    - bear           cub
    - pig             piglet
    - horse         pony
26. ordin    命令顺序
    - ordinance  条例
    - ordinal  顺序的
    - ordinary  普通的
    - coordinate  使协调
    - subordinate  下属
27. cobra   bra
28. dog
    - dogma           教条，教义
    - doggo            隐藏者
    - dogbbody     打工人
    - doge              共和国总督
    - underdog      弱者
    - watchdog      监督者
    - sheepdog      牧羊犬
    - dodge            闪避
29. journal      journey
30. 词根pel
    - expel       驱逐  开除
    - impel      推动   驱动
    - repel       击退   抵制
    - compel   强迫   迫使
    - dispel      驱散   消除
    - propel    推动   驱动
31. 词根 con
    - content    v.满意  n.内容
    - contend   v.声称,对付
    - consent    v.同意  n.许可
    - contact     v.联系
    - contract    n.合同   v.签合同
    - contrast    v.对比  n.差异   
32. dilemma       diplomat

33. intuition  tuition

34. spectacular   speculates   spectator

35. tackle     trickle

36. decent     descent 

37. sliver      silver

38. warp      wrap      wasp

39. crawl      creep    cramp    crumple

40. prey        pray

41. wither    witcher

42. pyramidal          reprimand

43. premium           primer

44. salvage        savage        starve

45. chunk       trunk        truck

46. invade      intrude

47. trumpet     triumph     trump     tramp

48. towel        tower

49. balcony    colony     column

50. frankly     frantically 

51. imitate     intimate     mitigate

52. roar       roam

53. territory          terrify

54. contribution        distribution         distraction

55. adapt        adept

56. behave     behalf

57. crash     crush

58. counsel    council

59. barrier   barrel


# 易遗忘的单词

1. phantom
2. excessive
3. disaster
   - drought
   - blizzard
   - hurricane
   - tornado
   - volcanic eruption
   - tsunami
   - avalanche
   - flood
4. vita    生命
   - vitamin     维他命
   - multivitamin       多种维生素
   - vital       至关重要的
   - vitality      生命力
   - vitalize     使有生命力
   - vitalization      赋予生命
   - devitalize         使失去生命
   - revitalize         使复活



#  句子记单词

1. To the wail of the fife and the snarl to the drum 

   Those Hedgers and Ditchers of Bunker Hill come,

   Down out of the battle with rumble and roll

   Straight across the two ages, right into the soul,

   And bringing for captive the Day that they won

   With a deed that like Joshua halted the sun.

2. Today, surrounded by promises of easy happiness,we need art to tell us, as religion once did,

   Memento mori: remember that you  will die, that everything ends, and that happiness come not in

   denying this but in living with it.

3. I suspect more than a few men have encountered the same dilemma, although under different circumstances

4. Nobody with any sense expects to find the whole truth in advertisement any more than he expects a man applying

   for a job to describe his short-coming,and more serious faults

5. But his primary task is not to think about the moral code which governs his activity, any more than a businessman is

   expected to dedicate his energies to an exploration of rules of conduct in business

6. On the other hand, he did not accept as well founded the charge made by some of his critics that, while he was a good observer, he had no power of reasoning.

7. In Iran-iraq war, both sides incurred heavy casualities

8. The fog began to disperse

9. Take a right and walk east as soon as you come up to a wooden ramp leading up to the barrel house.

#  one piece

1. all fanciful reasons for dreams can be explained away
2. Don't respond at all to their jeers
3. Sorry to say that but I'd be wasted on you and your small-time crew
4. The road up to the top is not easy.Let 'em laugh when you are aiming for the top.You're bound to come across losers who isn't worth your fist
5. Everything falls before darkness.Even you can only struggle for so long.Still, finishing you off here would be a waste of your talent.
6. If I surrendered to you, then I could never call myself a man again. I won't submit, and I won't live with regrets, no matter what .
7. Once you die, your morals are useless. I'm sorry you can't understand that , Ace. Darkness take you.

# one piece vocabulary

commandment

# 正式语vs母语者

1. not very often
   - seldom 极少
   - sporadically 零星的
   - infrequently 少发生的
2. very funny
   - humorous 滑稽幽默的
   - jocular 诙谐的
   - jocose 滑稽的
3. very annoying
   - troublesome 令人烦的
   - vexing 伤脑经的
   - perturbing 让人心绪不宁的
4. very crazy
   - deranged 精神错乱的
   - demented 忧虑失常的
   - non compos mentis 神志不清的
   - unhinged 神经错乱的
5. give up
   - abandon
   - renounce
   - relinquish
   - surrender
6. very sad
   - melancholic
   - downcast
   - despairing
   - crestfallen
7. very angry
   - exasperted
   - incandescent
   - irate
   - indignant
8. very happy
   - rapturous
   - effervescent
   - gleeful
   - euphoric



# 金句

- 1. The clouds recede, and the sun reappears.
- 2. Courage is the ladder on which all the other virtues mount.







# 短语

- Work your tail off





# 口语

- 1. Are you presuming to teach me?

- 2. 我忘了
     - I forgot
     - I can't remember
     - It totally slipped my mind
     - I don't recall
     - I lost my train of thought 我说着说着就忘了
  
- 3. When I was young, I enjoyed the songs of popular singers like Jacky Cheung and Jay Chou, as well as some instrumental music by artists like Richard Clayderman and Joe Hisaishi, the composer of the soundtracks for films and animations such as *Castle in the Sky* and *Spirited Away*.

- 4. Those who have absolute power and those who have no rights at all.

- 5. I'm going hiking this weekend

- 6. I barely make ends meet each month, with my income just covering my expenses for food, clothing, housing, transportation, and my mortgage.

- 7. This Mediterranean-style house took a considerable amount of time, effort, and money to

     renovate back then

- 8. I've decided to quit smoking and drinking.

- 9. I'll continue studying after I've had enough to eat and drink

-  10. This article is written in a question-and-answer format. 

